[All hosts] (unified manifest) Document recommendation for labels (#4672)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/outlook/add-mobile-support.md

   - Set appropriate "id" and "label" values.
   - Create an object in the "controls" array to represent a button and configure it as follows.

>       - Set appropriate "id" and "label" values. To ensure that the button fits correctly in the ribbon, it's recommended to limit the "label" to 16 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Set appropriate "id" and "label" values. To ensure that the button fits correctly in the ribbon, we recommend that you limit the "label" to 16 characters.
```
